##Project Goal:
The goal of this project is to create a student/graduate-based job board that can be accessed by both students and businesses, with the primary intention being to help connect students and businesses directly to deliver employment in graduate roles. Students will be able to search for posted positions uploaded by various companies, and businesses will be able to search for student profiles and reach out to them directly if they fit the chosen roles criteria. The site will feature different profile systems for each type of user, with a variety of features to allow students to express their interests, define their personal skills, dictate the type of work they are searching for (Field of work, part-time/full-time) and a section to upload portfolio work that businesses can view. Businesses will be able to create a profile which will hold available job positions, desirable information about the company (Mission statement, benefits of working for the company). Both types of users will be able to upload a profile picture and contact details. The website has been designed to differentiate itself from competition such as Reed and Indeed by being focused on a specific age-bracket of employment (young graduates) and is designed to be an almost hybrid social media/job board site (Similar to LinkedIn). The benefits of the site being student based, means students can avoid some of the difficulties faced when applying for roles on traditional job board sites, for example, less competition and expectation upon the user having significant years in work experience.

##Project UI:
The project UI is currently designed using three different front-end frameworks, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. HTML to build the content of the page, Pure CSS for the styling of elements and JavaScript to enable advanced functionality when it comes to improving responsiveness and enabling the client to view different user-types (Business, Student and guest) views of pages in the prototype UI. 
To improve responsiveness and allow for an optimal user experience across all devices, whether mobile or desktop, the CSS had originally been implemented with the use of grid tables, but to modernise and incorporate a more scalable system the Flexbox CSS technology has been adopted, which inherently resizes the elements based on window size and resolution. Alongside Flexbox, media queries have been utilised to fine-tune styling and positioning on elements at various screen sizes. 
An example of this can be seen in the Header section, where with the usage of Media Queries and JavaScript we can give the Navigation elements different stylings at smaller resolutions and window sizes.


